Keep it simple. Do not overcomplicate. Disclaimer: "simple" doesn't mean put everything in one place or write one large method. 

---

What literals might be found in your code? Of course, 0 is OK. Sometimes you can use 1. But that's it. Usually, it's better to replace -1 and "" with some constants with semantics, e.g. VALUE_NOT_FOUND or something. 

---

OK. Idea is the following: avoid literals in your functions. Obviously, sometime you need to write literal 0 (for example — let's assume for now that it's OK — for(int i = 0; i < getSomeAmount(); i++).

Or undefined or null or nil (but even this isn't always the best option, but about this later).

But let's say you implement some functionality that checks the users age, IDK, to sell some tobacco product, e.g. if (user.age >= 21) or something.

It may look "readable", but:
1) If can be written in a more "explicit" way, like if (user.age >= MINIMUM_LEGAL_AGE).
2) The last approach can be easily modified if age laws are changed (if you have several places in you code it's easy to miss some of them when changing).

It's especially bad when you "calculate" something in your mind, like age > 20 instead of age > MINIMUM_LEGAL_AGE - 1.

And — toward the topic from this Friday — what's is the best way to write such check?

The most "explicit" way to write it would be if (checkLegalAge(user.age)) using the separate method.

The last option allows to check ages even if you have application that works in many countries and sells something internationally. Should be try to predict all possible futures? No, of course. But checking the age is a separate "task" in the relation to whatever other task your function with if branching tries to do. So any reason for change of either this task or age checking task will not affect other task. 


---


No, it's wrong to name a constant THIRTY_TWO = 32. So, you should not have magic values (literals) in your code. But you should NEVER rewrite numbers with letters like THREE = 3 — what for? Do you suppose to change it lately to THREE = 4? THREE is not better than 3 (in fact, it's worse).
Ponder this: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Magic_number_(programming)